---
title: Murdoch Webster
<!-- Australia and/or New Zealand -->
Country1: Australia
Address1: 45 Dove Street, Cremorne, Victoria, 3121
Country2:
Address2:
headquarters:  VIC
products:
- Backup and Disaster Recovery Solutions
- Endpoint Security
- Firewalls and Network Security
- Network Security Appliances
- Security Awareness Training
- Vulnerability Management
services:
- Cloud Security Services
- Penetration Testing
- Security Consulting
- Security Engineering & Integration
partners:
- Amazon AWS
- Cisco Meraki
- Druva
- Dell Technologies
- KnowBe4
- Palo Alto Networks
- Rapid7
- SentinelOne
- Veeam

<!-- Social media usernames (no need to add the link) -->
<!-- Required -->
email: enquiries@mwtg.com.au
website: https://www.mwtg.com.au
linkedin: murdoch-webster
<!-- Optional -->
X: 
youtube: 
github:
gitlab:
facebook: murdochwebster
instagram: 

image: "/assets/images/company_logos/MurdochWebster.png"
---

<!-- Examples in this template were generated by ChatGPT and do not represent any real company -->

## Who we are                     
<!-- Short Bio Describing Your Business (max. 150 words) -->
At Murdoch Webster, we understand the value of Human IT.  Underpinned by our real-world experience, our deep technical capabilities across core infrastructure and cybersecurity disciplines ensures your next project will be delivered on time and on budget.

Our certified consultants have extensive experience and knowledge of the cybersecurity landscape. Using a consultative prevention-based approach, we have delivered next generation cybersecurity solutions for customers across a range of industry segments including healthcare, government, education, commercial and enterprise throughout Australia.

## What we do
<!-- Short Description of Your Business Solutions Offered (max. 200 words) -->
Our goal is to be your trusted cybersecurity partner of choice – long term. We are deeply invested with a select range of industry leading technology partners, giving you confidence we can truly deliver.  Our services are centred around three disciplines: Protect, Transform, and Evolve

### [Protect (Security)](https://mwtg.com.au/Protect)
Designing and deploying security solutions based upon modern principles like Zero Trust and Offensive Sercurity, and using current technologies, such as Next Generation Firewalls and Secure Access Service Edge (SASE).

### [Transform (Infrastructure)](https://mwtg.com.au/transform)
Infrastructure and networking are crucial components of a successful business IT framework. Murdoch Webster will enable you to safely connect any device to any application on any platform. Our comprehensive and considered services will provide trustworthy implementations with the appropriate technology solutions.

### [Evolve (Consulting)](https://mwtg.com.au/evolve)
We have an in-depth knowledge of technology and its place at the heart of a modern business strategy. Ensuring that your technology aligns with your business objectives, at every level, is critical to your success. 

Our industry leading consulting service does just this. We specialise in applying custom insights and knowledge, assisting you to be clear about your goals, making the right transformation and technology decisions, and managing your journey.

## Our products
<!-- Product descriptions, max 50 words each -->

### [Backup and Disaster Recovery Solutions]

Working with leading technology providers to provision backup and data management platforms for cloud, virtual, physical, and kubernetes environments.

### Endpoint Security

Providing corporate network protection against threats posed by remote devices and ransomware with next generation endpoint and application (server workload) security solutions.

### Firewalls and Network Security

Preventing attacks and managing network access whilst securing your applications, data and users.

### Network Security Appliances

Using a variety of security systems to build and secure your networks, such as, Secure Access Service Edge (SASE), Intrusion Detection Systems (IDS), and Intrusion Prevention Systems (IPS).

### Security Awareness Training

Expanding your knowledge of cybersecurity threats your company could potentially face. This is our guide to how to respond when you encounter risks and vulnerability within your organisation.

### Security Consulting

We specialise in applying custom insights and knowledge, assisting you to be clear about your goals, making the right transformation and technology decisions, and managing your journey.

### Vulnerability Management

Providing best of breed technologies that include identifying, evaluating, remediating, and reporting on vulnerabilities.

## Our services
<!-- Services descriptions, max 50 words each -->
### Cloud Security Services

Advice at all stages of your cloud journey, including cloud readiness assessments, cost optimisation recommendations, daily management, and security overlays.

### Penetration Testing

Vulnerability assessment and Penetration Testiung services to help you discover your vulnerable assets and how to resolve these vulnerabilites.

### Security Consulting

We specialise in applying custom insights and knowledge, assisting you to be clear about your goals, making the right transformation and technology decisions, and managing your journey.

### Security Engineering & Integration

Defining and engineering solutions to fit your requirements and integrate into yopur existing environment, be that on-premises, cloud, or hybrid.
